README.md, before:

# BedrockIfy
BedrockIfy is a fabric Minecraft Mod that implements some useful Minecraft Bedrock Edition features into Minecraft Java Edition.

## Features
- Bedrock-like loading screens with helpful tips.
- Third person eating animations.
- Position and "paper doll" overlay.
- Saving status overlay.
- Bedrock Crafting Recipes (Toggleable).
- Bedrock-like chat.
- Idle hand animations.
- Held item descriptions (enchantments, books and potions).
- Reach-around block placement.
- Quick armour swap.

Bedrockify also includes "eye-candy" features like the ability use the rotating title screen background in all option screens instead of the boring vanilla dirt background.

#### ScreenShots:
![HUD](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/HUD.png)
![Loading Screen](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/loading%20screen.png)
![Reach-around block placement](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/reacharound.gif)
![Rotating background on all screens](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/menu.gif)

## Installation:
This mod requires [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/use/) and [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api). You can download BedrockIfy from the _[releases](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/releases)_ tab in github or through the CurseForge page.
Drop BedrockIfy and Fabric API JARs inside the mods folder.
## Building from source:
Under Linux / Mac OS
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/
cd BedrockIfy
./gradlew build
```
Under Windows
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/
cd BedrockIfy
gradlew build
```
You can find the built JARs inside BedrockIfy/build/libs

## Enhancing your Bedrock-like experience

Here is a list of other Fabric Mods that can improve your BedrockLike Experience:
- [LambdaControls](https://github.com/LambdAurora/LambdaControls) - Enables Controller/touchscreen support and other useful tweaks.
- [BedrockWaters](https://github.com/2Retr0/BedrockWaters) - Ports all Bedrock Edition biome specific water color.
- [Snowy Leaves](https://github.com/Ashley1227/snowy-leaves) - Leaves will turn white while snowing.
- [TelePistons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/telepistons) - This mod adds the  telescopic piston arm animation from Bedrock Edition.


## License
Bedrockify is released under the free and open-source [GPL-3.0 License](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

update README.md to include two more bedrock style mods

README.md, after:

# BedrockIfy
BedrockIfy is a fabric Minecraft Mod that implements some useful Minecraft Bedrock Edition features into Minecraft Java Edition.

## Features
- Bedrock-like loading screens with helpful tips.
- Third person eating animations.
- Position and "paper doll" overlay.
- Saving status overlay.
- Bedrock Crafting Recipes (Toggleable).
- Bedrock-like chat.
- Idle hand animations.
- Held item descriptions (enchantments, books and potions).
- Reach-around block placement.
- Quick armour swap.

Bedrockify also includes "eye-candy" features like the ability use the rotating title screen background in all option screens instead of the boring vanilla dirt background.

#### ScreenShots:
![HUD](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/HUD.png)
![Loading Screen](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/loading%20screen.png)
![Reach-around block placement](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/reacharound.gif)
![Rotating background on all screens](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/readme%20images/menu.gif)

## Installation:
This mod requires [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/use/) and [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api). You can download BedrockIfy from the _[releases](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/releases)_ tab in github or through the CurseForge page.
Drop BedrockIfy and Fabric API JARs inside the mods folder.
## Building from source:
Under Linux / Mac OS
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/
cd BedrockIfy
./gradlew build
```
Under Windows
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/
cd BedrockIfy
gradlew build
```
You can find the built JARs inside BedrockIfy/build/libs

## Enhancing your Bedrock-like experience

Here is a list of other Fabric Mods that can improve your BedrockLike Experience:
- [LambdaControls](https://github.com/LambdAurora/LambdaControls) - Enables Controller/touchscreen support and other useful tweaks.
- [BedrockWaters](https://github.com/2Retr0/BedrockWaters) - Ports all Bedrock Edition biome specific water color.
- [Snowy Leaves](https://github.com/Ashley1227/snowy-leaves) - Leaves will turn white while snowing.
- [TelePistons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/telepistons) - This mod adds the  telescopic piston arm animation from Bedrock Edition.
- [Fade In Chunks](https://github.com/johni0702/fade-in-chunks) Adds a Bedrock Edition style fading in animation for newly loaded chunks.
- [Sheep Consistency](https://github.com/Crupette/sheepconsistency) Let's you see the color of sheared sheep.


## License
Bedrockify is released under the free and open-source [GPL-3.0 License](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/BedrockIfy/blob/master/LICENSE).
